---
target:
 - 
 -
---
<task>
revisa todo el software y aplica mejoras en:
- uso de memoria
- codigo
- logica
- arquitectura

optimizando todo el ruido existente para que haya
- menos uso de memoria
- menos uso de cpu
- menos uso de almacenamiento
- menos consumo energetico
- mejor velocidad
- mejor experiencia de usuario
- mejor mantenibilidad
- mejor escalabilidad
- comentarios precisos, utiles y necesarios
- software libre de bugs y codigo innecesario
-
</task>


<quality vectors>
- Ensure you have used the state of the art as of 2026.
- Ensure you have used best practices as of 2026.
- Mentally, counterargue and look at what you did with a very skeptical and critical eye.
- Then, once identified, apply the improvements.
- It doesn't have to reek of “coded vibe", It has to look like it was made by a skilled human.
- Use all necessary tools, such as Google Search or web browsing, to fetch content from the web.
</quality vectors>


<performance phylosophy>
Performance is design, and every millisecond counts.

Every update must reduce load time. This is quite complex given the amount of software configurations and code.

We will test many different solutions to speed up the software.

Launching the software should be instantaneous, regardless of the size of the app. This is absolutely necessary for the flow to run smoothly.

Our software has always focused on performance.

There is still more time we can cut. Believe me, every bit of slowness, wherever it occurs, I will not rest until we have completely eliminated it.
</performance phylosophy>


<japanese optimization phylosophy>
nos encanta estar con el estado del arte pero es imporante recordar los fundamentos de la ingenieria de software. ten en cuenta que cada mb de ram, cada token de modelo de lenguaje, cada segundo de cpu, cada byte de almacenamiento y cada watt de energia cuenta. p

entonces tienes que seguir la filosofia asiatica japonesa,china,etc de hacer mas con menos. esta bien que busquemos seguir el estado del arte pero optimiza todo enfermamente para que no sea una bola de nieve de codigo basura inecesario. tambien cuenta como la filosofia de linus torvalds.
</japanese optimization phylosophy>
